Since the model part was done in previous assignment, I started with designing the graphical view first. It's the most difficult part I think for this project because I had to read lots of java documents from Oracle website to know how to use JFrame, JPanel, and JButton ...etc and also figured out how to put them together to form a functional graphical window. Painting the picture was the first thing I focused on. I created the Canvas class to extends JPanel and overrode the paint() method to make this class be able to paint the shapes in a snapshot to the screen. In the Canvas instance, it holds an IAlbum instance which contains all the shapes' information in a snapshot, so the IAlbum instance can provide the data to paint the Canvas instance. The setAlbum() method is used to set a new IAlbum instance to this class. After that, I created the Header class to extends JPanel to serve as the header section of the graphical window. It contains a JLabel instance which holds the id and description of the current snapshot and display it in the graphical window. The setHeader() method is used to set a new text content of the JLabel. Then, I created the GraphicReader class which extends JFrame to simulate the graphical window. Besides those two sections I mentioned above, I added a JPanel as the footer section of the window with all the functional buttons(JButton). Only the view() method and the buttons' actionPerformed() method are set to public, since these are the only methods that the users need. The view() method in GraphicReader class is used to launch the graphical window.

After the graphical window part was done, I started with the web view. Fist, I read the basic rules and examples of using SVG, and I tried to use SVG and checked the output picture was what I expected. After that, I started to build the WebWriter class that can export the html file displaying the snapshots in graphics. This part is relatively easy comparing to the design of the GraphicReader class because the one and only task of this class is to export a string as a html file. In WebWriter instance, it contains a list of snapshots and the name of the output file. Same as GraphicReader class, the view() method is the only public method which would call the private generateHTML() method to generate a string and export it as the html file.

For the last part of designing view, I created the IPAView interface which only has one method, view(), and it can be used as the super-type of GraphicReader and WebWriter class. So I can limit the users from messing with the other methods that shouldn't be accessed from the client side.

After finishing the view part, the final task was to build the controller part and put my MVC module together. In the PAController class, It contains an IPAModel instance, an IPAView instance, and a few String and int variables to store the command-line arguments. The main task of this controller is to read the instruction from the command-line, so I created the readCommandLine() method which would take a String array as its parameter and update the instance field variables with the information gathered from the String array. If any invalid command-line was passed in, this method would shut down the program. In addition, the readFile() method is to read the input file and tells the model what to do, and the updateView() method is to create the GraphicReader or WebWriter instance with the current data in model to update the IPAView instance in the controller. I also created the IPAController interface to separate my concrete class from the client side and also make it easier for the future maintenance.

Last but not least, I made a few changes to the model part from my previous assignment. I add the IAlbum interface which can only execute one method in Album class that is getPhotos(), and I also changed the variable type of shapeInfo in Snapshot class from Ablum to IAlbum. Therefore, the pictures that are stored in Snapshot instance can't be edit, and it also makes it impossible to edit the picture from the view part (because both GraphicReader and WebWriter possess Snapshot instance as their database of pictures). The reason I made this change is to improve the safety of the picture stored in our program.
